Six.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Good morning.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Morning. I'm setting up a note here and I'm assuming today. You're all set up and ready to go. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the kinks worked out okay let's see we got
Gwenevere Abriel: 640 45. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I saw your text. Right. Um, there was sort of this. Well, maybe I haven't forgiven myself completely
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yeah. Well, I was just yeah as kind of rushing up with a thought together at the end.
I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Just thinking that does not. Not quite.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: quite accurate to say that I have 100% forgiving myself for
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: For that. Or yeah, everything, but it
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I feel it's like it's not exactly just like a single event or, you know, single thing to forgive yourself for there's like a, you know, kind of ongoing things that come up that you know I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, will get upset with myself for and then realize I need to, you know, it's something else that isn't serving me and I need to forgive myself for it. So I'm sure that that will continue, you know, things will continue to arise that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I am not happy with myself about that. I still needed to forgive myself for but um yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe. Maybe just get a little, maybe some feedback for me just to hear yourself and see how prolific that is because
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I don't really understand what's so unforgivable about what you did. So is this is ongoing. Can you can you let me in on what what is a few things you find sort of on forgivable at this point.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well, I mean I wouldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: haven't forgiven yourself. Let me use your words.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta be really careful with you because if it's a word that's off, then we'll get distracted with that.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well, like to use that, you know, the examples from group with, you know, the
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know having blowing savings that you know
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Like, there will, you know, be things that will come up or so, you know, man. I be in this different position. If I still have that money and have
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I'll get
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: upset with myself and then kind of have to go through a process of, you know, say well you know that that you know it is what it is. I've already kind of thought about it. I've addressed it there's no
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, beating myself up still isn't doing anything so you know it's it's something that I need to just forgive and, you know, move on from so it's it's not
It.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess what I mean is that, you know, forgiveness is kind of like an ongoing process. It's not just like one one static moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it come up in other places, aside from I believe my savings.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yeah, I mean I think just
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know in general with
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know when it's easy for me to
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know tell myself oh well you should be somewhere else in your life that you know your age or, you know, that I should be, you know,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Either you know more advanced in a career or, you know, more advanced towards creating a family or, you know, all sorts of
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: metrics that you know I can have a tendency to apply to myself.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: And then, you know, say like, Oh, you know, if you had
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Gotten addicted, you know, thinking where it could be now and it's
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: So, and I think at this point. I feel like I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: A lot better at recognizing that those aren't really beneficial thoughts and that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Process them a lot more quickly. But it doesn't mean they don't come up
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can we spend a little bit of time right here today.
Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just, just the money part just want to explore a little further and then maybe get into, you know, this assessment of yourself that you would be more advanced in career and family had you not been addicted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just going back to the savings. Tell me sort of what's connected to, if I had not blown my savings. How is it that you imagine you would be somewhere else in your career. Let me just help, help me understand the train of thought there the causality, that's, I don't see it.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Oh, that I don't think is necessarily connected to the career piece of it that that's just, you know, something separate but um you know like if I bought a house instead of spent money on drugs. I'd be in a very different position financially Nass it
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, wait, wouldn't you have more debt would she be committed to a mortgage
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: We'd have the look.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of stability, right, you'd have you'd be a home owner. It sounds like you'd like that image of yourself like I hey I have a home.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I mean, yeah, I mean, there, there would
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I mean it's it's
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Not just about the image, there's, you know, a
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Definite you know benefit to having a place that you
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, is your own and that you feel comfortable and and you know it's
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um, but, I mean, you're right there. They're still, it's not like
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's, um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know there are, you know, other you know expenses and commitments and whatnot that go along with that. That, um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: But, um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It, you know, it's been
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's been there, you know, kind of
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess it's you know worthwhile expense in my enough to because you're you're building, you know, equity or built you know your final place to live and stuff. It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Fashion unless it's 2007 eight, you know, most there's a recession which we can't control either right and then it's just a
Gwenevere Abriel: living nightmare truly live through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back. Let's go all the way back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: What was an opiate use a solution to because it was a solution was a solution to what problem. See if in simplest terms, if you could name what that was.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yes.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Depression. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you addressing depression now.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well, I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Guess I'm trying to
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: To to not
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Forget about it. I'm trying to
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: can confront emotions that I have even when they're, you know, negative challenging things and you know I don't
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Really have like a way that I've solved it or anything but but i think that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's like
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's by ignoring it or escapee to it's something that kind of just grew and grew and grew, and I think that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, but but not
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: The biggest fan of trying to do is not run away from, you know, emotions, even on their unpleasant and, you know, try to
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay yeah you you you named what you are doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And identified and reflected to what you were doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said this a few times, you know, that maybe this is uncomfortable at times therapy right this sitting with uncomfortable emotions you are confronting your emotions directly
Gwenevere Abriel: That is different for you right
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Had you confronted emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back then,
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would have you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Kept your savings.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe, where would you be in your career.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I mean,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That's, that's what I realized, you know, the fallacy and thinking is, you know, I, I could have done something stupid with that money. That wasn't
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, there's no guarantee that it will, there's no guarantee that I would have gone back to school or, you know, and you know, gotten a degree that got me a great job or anything, it's, it's so it's
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That that's, that's where I realized intellectually that you know those types of thoughts don't are aren't real. But it, they can still
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Exist, even though I know that there so
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's a convenient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Blame maybe it's easier to blame that on
Gwenevere Abriel: The addiction than having to look at a maybe a deeper, more difficult struggle with. And this is the work we're in right now in the work we've been doing. And it's in
Gwenevere Abriel: What's my comfort. What's my resilience around
Gwenevere Abriel: I have an idea of what I want to do, can I trust myself to do it, regardless of what people say.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the work we were doing last time. And I want to continue that with you because if it, if it means that we're getting closer and closer to the route.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the barrier that's holding you back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to continue doing that. Do you think we're, we're getting some somewhere meaningful in the work we were doing.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yeah yeah
Me too.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I see, I see this do like wherever I see little notes of mine, I see it in a lot of places, which is right, this and I watched your body right and I watched what looks like this energy that is like you have it in there. There's this energy and it doesn't get expressed
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I see it in like, Gosh, I wonder, I wonder if that's how the belief is about how he needs the world like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna get in trouble. Like I if I, yeah, I have this idea of what I want to do, but there will be a negative consequence and I might hurt. Some one. And so I hear that I'm me and I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if you have sat with that and what you think that someone is or
Gwenevere Abriel: If that is really a block for you, you know, whether you sat with that outside of our sessions together.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um, it's definitely
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Something that I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, thought, thought about mount
It.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I mean, like, kind of going back to something you know talked about
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: A while ago is just kind of
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Trusting instinct or, you know, knowing when to trust instinct. It's, um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It, it's, you know, they it
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, when I look at you know most of the times in life that that I have kind of
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Went off of instinct is its overall usually served me pretty well until
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: This you know kind of recent period of, you know,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: With you know with everything being wrapped up in addiction and whatnot, and it
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: So I do
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Like I i
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I think I need to get back to a point where I do have that trust in myself and you know with that there's
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That acknowledgement that that I don't completely have that and and that is harder for me to pin down where that comes from. Exactly. Um, it's, um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: But, um, it
Gwenevere Abriel: On top of that, do you believe that it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that that marriage and that ideology is there inside like memory somewhere in there that you will maybe through this morning, continuing to do some of the EM Dr. Just letting that
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever those neural connections are just, you know, having this is the distraction that lets stuff just come up without you, concentrating on it. I'd like to see what keeps coming up because interesting things, at least for me or I'm seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you'll find a connection that really gives you this off. Oh my gosh, that's the summary. There's a nice feeling that happens for people when they go, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it actually do get a little dope. I mean, once you have the summary and you've come to a conclusion in your head, you get a nice feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want that for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you so on top of all that, do you believe in this notion that you are a self healing system that ultimately your body, your mind it wants to heal itself that are mechanisms in place for self healing.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, me too. And, and I think
Gwenevere Abriel: If we can get out of our own way. If we can see that there's no pockets no corners that are unapproachable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the things we're fearing those those shadows might have some information. And so maybe this stuff we're doing might let it come up
Gwenevere Abriel: And if we sit together and you know so through this sort of Socratic dialogue going back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can hear your own voice. You can hear is what I'm saying. Really, this is really what I believe. You know, so I'd like to continue because we, I know I didn't get too far. And I remember, I have this feeling like I wanted to keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: I felt cut off because time ended so I'm a little easier to go back to what we were doing. Are you amenable to that this morning.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to read a little bit. These notes. Um, I don't type them. They are transcribed. So sometimes, like my notes hand once that once I right here like better, they catch exact phrases. So if there's some things that are off.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means that when it was dictated it just didn't get like exact or something. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they, the way it's organized is kind of nice. We've got
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I just read through it to bring you back.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's I'm doing it with you. Now let's really have this this breath. This mindful breath really set the intention.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of self healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's your body, your mind, your soul, your spirit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there for you that it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: in your best interest.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to access all the parts of the brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: At least so that they can communicate that no parts are cut off because then it's under functioning, we want
Gwenevere Abriel: Want the whole body functioning optimally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just set your intention today and really find it in your own like what do I want out of today what what mystery or
Gwenevere Abriel: What new thought wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Motivation curiosity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Piece
Gwenevere Abriel: To see what you want to experience today and just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Acknowledge that longing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That desire.
Gwenevere Abriel: That goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just turn my brain off. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with that and I'll go through some some pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: One thing you had mentioned was this awareness of an event that happened when you were
Gwenevere Abriel: rambunctious
Gwenevere Abriel: This is something I want to solve. There's a thinking insect tonight. I
Gwenevere Abriel: It was an accident that happened right
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're just focused on a relational importance. Now, that's my phrasing, which means he cared about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a material thing.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And thanks for taking care of that fly, he said.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you noticed after that some sort of release or a less tightness in the shoulders and less fidgeting you it was interesting because there was less fidgeting in the hands, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are actually focusing on it, fidgeting reduced
Gwenevere Abriel: And the negative cognition or what you were saying yourself was I was worried. I would get in trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then later.
Gwenevere Abriel: having a difficult time acknowledging team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And not understanding. I guess the resource of the imagery of a protective figure having it be around you near you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can give more clarification about that as a grandma having Andrew saidi Grandma I think all present
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can add a little bit of clarification there. And so, and in fact I think it's so important that will do more weaving of that positive
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagery so that you get really comfortable with it first, because it's so important and so the basic premise sort of comes out of, sort of, you know, ego state psychology, which means
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this to be true. I have this resource and, indeed, I have this resource in me. I can feel it. Now it's here present. That's the goal. Right. We use imagery, but it's not separate from you because as soon as you can feel it and sense that, and it's a part of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's with you all the time. If you want it to be there. See, not in the habit of doing that most of us are brain tends to, you know, the negative. What else. But if instead you get in the habit of summoning up
Gwenevere Abriel: For me to acknowledge these things and others, I need to know it in myself. In fact, it's just, that's a truth. If I can see this attribute and someone else I'm I must know it on some level in myself and
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me let me really on that I have the ability to have this protective nature. This is a part of me. And sometimes what happens when when I do the those three figures, the wise, the nurturing and
Gwenevere Abriel: The protective I might say it might actually be your adult self that is one or two or three or all those rights. Now you can really hear, Oh now. Yeah. Part of the ego state. It's a part of me and I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: The past. I'm not a little boy, subject to the power and the threat of punishment and all of that, that goes on with being dependent on an adult, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're an adult now and you may indeed acknowledge that you have these resources inside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the goal, right, is that that get blended all together. And it's basically you
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that helpful at all.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yeah yeah
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will. I'll probably spend a little bit of time on that this morning. So there was also this after about the seventh iteration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your subject to Canada lives distress went to 35 I can't see where it had started, but it had gone down and you were thinking about how immediately aware, I am of a mistake after smashing the lamp, where the sinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling in the stomach and that's the one that really has my attention because, in general, it's the stomach. That's on bad and its inner personal it's it's out our core
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And look what it is that intuition that sense of my gut feeling is right in there too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might all just be sort of inner weaved with not wanting to hurt anyone. And can I trust that interacting with people. I'm going to make a decision that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not going to hurt someone. So there might be really some important information in there. So then it moves on to an acknowledgement of corresponding with the acknowledgement of making a mistake. There was also anger at myself for not thinking it through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: A charge in the stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of sinking. It was tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then after another iteration fear that I will make the same mistake again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I knew it was stupid. But I did it anyways.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then tightness in the arms and legs and the cognition being told that if I make a mistake, it will be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not sure, you know, that might be a transcription piece, but some pieces of that seem familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now let's let's go to current moment. And let me get a sense of what's coming up for you. Now, what
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your thoughts running through your head.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well, I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Think that I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Thought about
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, if you're making the same mistake again. That was kind of more moving into the present and, you know, kind of processes for
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Their current things that that can trip me up where it
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It is if I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: At It kind of connects to, you know, the
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Trusting instinct and stuff where if I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Know that I've done something I shouldn't have in the past it. It's
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: challenging for me to
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: give myself permission to, you know, do something where I might
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: make that same mistake again or
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I might be at risk of doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's go with that. I want you to take the current, the current
Gwenevere Abriel: Trigger. So there's something either happening, maybe in your current life or maybe you're looking into the future, one of those. I won't be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Trust the intuition doing this. Do you know what that is. Maybe let's have an actual story, whether it's a current trigger boy and remembering. Oh, I really stopped myself right here, or I'm looking in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I hear an actual little picture you got
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well, like
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Like with with going back to school. I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Mean, so much of my
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Identity.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Around who I was when I was in college before
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Kind of connected to drug use and even though I wasn't really using opiates. At that point, I think that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's where a lot of, you know, patterns, kind of started that that ultimately
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Led to that. And I have this, I guess fear that if I go back to school all
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Either fall back into those patterns or I just won't know how to act without who to be with without having that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who I will be
Gwenevere Abriel: Going back to school, you wonder if you'll fall back into those same patterns and you wonder who will I be
Gwenevere Abriel: How will I behave. Right.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Or if I don't, you know, without them. Who will
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Who will I
Gwenevere Abriel: Say that one more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for reference.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just congeal, but I didn't hear you. I just want you to really make it concise.
Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: If I don't go back into the same
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Patterns that define my personality before who will I be without them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's give a little label to who you were before. What was your identity, kind of in a phrase or a term or
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Like party guy fun guy, you know, I mean, like a little phrase some
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: extremely confident, I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well, about who I was.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: A but also
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's hard to something just a phrase, but um but yeah I felt
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: The best way I know of interacting with people was was was through partying.
Gwenevere Abriel: The best way you knew how to interact with people was to party or
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: As to overcome those I was
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: very shy. Enter personally and
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Having
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: A layer of intoxication made it a lot easier to overcome that. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're the solution, right, the perceived challenge was, I'm shy.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your belief about yourself around I'm shy.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: And I think that that's
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's part of
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Man, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with I'm shy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's part of who I am, because that's current today to right
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to hold that I want you to hold and you decide because it can be effective, whether it's in the past, the present or the future if you think most of it is fret over, you know, a kiss can't seem to move forward and maybe maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Sending imagery into this worse picture you have about the future, like, oh, here I am shy. I'm in school. Hmm. And there it is. You can see yourself and that worst image you see yourself doing okay let me know when you've got that picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hypothetical, but you're busy doing it all of us do we project first imagination is the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you've got it in your head. You don't have to tell me, but it can are some stuff to you.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yeah, I mean I guess it's just like
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: What if I am not not able to find connections and make friends.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Because it is always so easy in school before. So if I go back and it's not. I can't do it there. Where else could I do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so now I want you to pull up the image of more team be present with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, Andrew.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Your grandpa. Can you bring that into your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Check and make sure that imagery is very present inside of you. See, see what changed when you made that awareness visceral as in, do you know how to toggle between I wasn't aware of it before. And boy, I noticed in my body as soon as I said, Oh, I have this within me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection nurturing switch wants your development and growth and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know it in your body when it's present when it's not there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you're picturing with your team, let me let me kind of hear more about that.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess just kind of thinking of, you know, the
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Thinking about that three of those and kind of different, different lenses that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That you know
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: My, my grandma would, you know, be telling me that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: The connections were, you know,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Based on on common interests and, you know,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Doing, you know, being passionate about things that the you know intoxication was just kind of a
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: An easier way to uncover those things. But that's not really what matters when it, when it comes to connecting with people and
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: My grandfather would be telling me that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: The
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That it's it's okay to be shy. And the people who are really going to matter the most are gonna appreciate that about me as well and
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Protect the figure just kind of reminding me that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Everything that I worry about and kind of that realm is, you know,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Worst case scenario is
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I might be embarrassed if I did something that I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Thought was stupid or whatnot, but it
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: No one else has ever gonna, it's not really gonna ever matter how silly that myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's really be present with that that notion of
Gwenevere Abriel: grandma's wisdom. There she shared some some sage advice and grab up if you are yourself you know he'll be accepted that shyness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turns out, which will notice is, you'll be around people that meet you there they meet you there. You get to find out for real. Who likes you. Your true temperament.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're not something else. And there's no fool and nobody right. It's right there. It's if you yourself. Let's call it shy.
Gwenevere Abriel: People around you and you'll notice. Well, if they stick around.
Gwenevere Abriel: must work for them well enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might like you, you might like them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn very
Gwenevere Abriel: pointedly to being present with all of them and you and they're all in the same space together interacting see their faces. See if anyone's close to each other. If there's
Anyone
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Touching hugging anything where there's laughter or smile or something. Just really get into the imagery with them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what I do an iteration on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Should be at the right speed. So hold that in your awareness, your team president with you, just that you may also kind of noticed the body to
Gwenevere Abriel: Can spray them together. Nice. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What observations, do you have about what's going on right now.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Kind of
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Tension and my chess.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: stiffness in my arms.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. I want you to turn your attention there and see if your team can lean in and seek understanding and support to tension you decide whether it's in chest or stiffness in arms. See if they care, see if there's any
Gwenevere Abriel: Any support available there really be present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together. Let's inhale into the knows
What are you finding
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Trying to
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It accepts you know the tension and
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Not
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Not fight it.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: And then also thought of, you know, trying to think about, or the team would tell me is you know all what is, what does that mean it's it's it's not
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's your body trying to tell you something.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yeah.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that you present with that part right there. You just said setting tension not fighting it and asking, what does it what does it mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing together nice inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Take your time.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: The
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Physical
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Presentation of thoughts that I'm trying to avoid or don't like having
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Or
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm avoiding some thoughts and it's presenting physically you'd be present with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And stay with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe in nice nourishing inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: full belly. And then exhale medical
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming up
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I was
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Picture myself as
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Being so
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: So confident about who I was and the path that I was on in the past and tell myself I want to get back to that. But
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Might not have been
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Real that might have than
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Me trying to
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Put on I guess a front for myself in a way. So that's not something I can ever get back to
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Because that wasn't
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Real
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: So then
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Where am I now.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about how about the belief about yourself, what's your belief about yourself right now, which is which is came up
Gwenevere Abriel: What's true. What do you believe about you.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Don't know exactly who I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Present.
With
Gwenevere Abriel: Your team around. I'm not sure who I want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend together nice inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Lots of fidgeting as my my see
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: The team would tell me that
That
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That that's
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Okay, that, you know, you don't have to know
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Where you're going to
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: To be, you know, to head in a direction and
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That intellectually, most people probably don't know exactly the annual is
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: All you know be okay. No matter where I end up
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: See myself going there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I would be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold that I will be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your team present with you feeling that support.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend together.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess not exactly attention, but the
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: More like sinking feeling is kind of move back towards the stomach and I guess I feel like I'm sure that arguing back saying that, well, even if I'll be okay, you know, not knowing
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Where I need to go still
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: makes me nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel nervous, not knowing there's a sinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling in the stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: You turn your attention to your feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, are they fidgeting right now.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What did they want to do.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I just want to kind of
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Know, tapping moves back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: turn your attention to your stomach. It shifted, although there was feeling or calm. There was also it moved and went back to this sinking in the stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hold up.
Gwenevere Abriel: This projected worse image of the future. Can you bring it up into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that stomach, you put those two together. Hold that got this sinking stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: This worries some vision of the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold them the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to change this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Couple that awareness worst vision worse picture of that projected future event sinking stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is gonna be a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's breathe in together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then exhale it out, letting it go
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yes.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's like
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: One of the worst.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: possible futures. I guess that comes up for me now is
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, not having genuine connection with anybody.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: And
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: always used to think that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That i i'd
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Be fine completely by myself, you know, as long as I was on the path that I really wanted to be on there are other people, they're not, it wouldn't matter. But now that just seems so
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Opposite of how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your belief about yourself right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be an I am. See if you can grab it.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Somebody who
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Really does
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Want
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Connections with others. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring in your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring a present.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the most genuine and honest way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And make sure you register if there's any part of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It signals something
Gwenevere Abriel: Where these don't all align
Gwenevere Abriel: My team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of protection nurturing and wisdom are present with you in the symmetry and the belief. I'm somebody
Gwenevere Abriel: Who really does want connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it in your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And inhale and exhale it, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you find yourself.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess physically more
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Like Tightness in my shoulders.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Not really fidgeting. Right now I'm
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Thinking, I guess about how
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Hey, yes, it's highly that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yeah, acknowledging that about myself is
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It isn't
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It doesn't make me a weaker that's it's actually
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Something that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That is
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Is making is gonna make me stronger.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is their belief I I am getting stronger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I am strong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Starting at those
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe about you right now.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Really trying to be honest with myself about how I feel.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: And
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Is
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: More important than
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: How I want to project myself to the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are trying really trying to be honest about how you feel. And it's more important about how you project yourself to the world.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's more important to
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Be honest with myself about how I feel about myself then
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: To tell myself that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: feel a certain way that is
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Based on how I want the world to see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you say it one more time.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um, it's, it's more
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Important
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Instead of
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: telling myself that I feel a certain way because I want the world to see me a certain way.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's more important for me to be honest with myself about how I feel and
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Build the person that the world sees around that instead of the other way around.
Gwenevere Abriel: From one to seven. How true is what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven being absolutely true.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Do you think it's true I
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now how true is it that that exists right now, which was it that's real for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven is absolutely true.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sound uncertain to say, not quite.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um, well, I guess I'm just
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: The
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Scale of truth is having
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll say this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission to try my words on. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's it's true that
Gwenevere Abriel: Being real about how I feel is more important than fronting it's true at a seven. It's absolutely true. Now if you can't say that and say your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're working so hard, Isaac.
Gwenevere Abriel: We worked so hard. I know words are coming too long before you other than, can't you give yourself permission to just say it without it being said perfectly
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Well, it's
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: It's true that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: In this moment, I feel that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That's how I feel. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not what I said it's not that bad. But you make a statement.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I it's true that I feel
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That it's more important.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: For
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Me.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: To present myself to the world based on how I feel. Then base my feelings on how I want the world to see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel right now. I mean, emotion word
Gwenevere Abriel: Or a combination of a couple
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Nervous, but
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Happy and
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Yes, excited over
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's hold that and check in with your team watch their faces get a sense of their input around I feel nervous but happy and excited
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up that first image on that projected future
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's take a look.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhaling and letting go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you noticing.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: So,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Some, some tightness in my chest.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: But
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Not
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Not as much discomfort as before. Okay.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: The thought that was telling me that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: The only way to end up in that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Worst case scenario future is if I
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Am
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Dishonest with myself about how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we're going to do a little closure here.
Gwenevere Abriel: share a little bit about what this today was like for you. What was important for you.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Um,
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: I guess it was
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Important to recognize that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That maybe
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: This ideal of who I had of who I was in the past.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Maybe wasn't so ideal and
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: That
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Maybe wasn't as genuine as I thought it was
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice that you felt happy, right. Earlier you had some nervousness and excitement about the future, right, or at least you noticed it in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as leave today I'd like to invite you to register this are
Gwenevere Abriel: Our stomach that turning that stuff that goes on, it can get
Gwenevere Abriel: Activated or can feel the same being excited and nervous. There's no way break. That's the same kind of activation
Gwenevere Abriel: Just instead maybe interpreting it as important. Something important and attuning to the gun maybe saying this, and this might be an exploration. This week is to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I noticed my stomach turned or maybe it'll be a chest or it'll be somewhere and check in and see if something important is going on about where you meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Other people, meaning how is there an inner personal thing about to happen is they're worried about an interpersonal interaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either projected made up in your mind or it really happened or about to walk and they're about to interact with someone, or I kind of like this person, so pay close attention to see where your body says something importance, about to happen in her personally
Gwenevere Abriel: And listen to it and then right after that, see if you can apply the
Gwenevere Abriel: I might be excited
Gwenevere Abriel: I might have an impulse to do something, meaning lean toward
Gwenevere Abriel: Because fear says I'm nervous says backup excitement. Curiosity is a leaning forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just see if we can play this idea of changing the meaning a bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your body and you've been doing that. I can hear that through that text when I check in with you. Right. There's a lot more awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's see if we call it excitement and and value it not something to be aversive right and is something in a personal going on. And maybe I can apply this idea of
Gwenevere Abriel: Something important is happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is it happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it happening right now with this person is it about the past, is it about the future. What was the trigger just now what am I environment just got that going when you consider that
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Alright.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's anything left over with charge anything negative, feel free to put it in the container, send it down the river, put some distance between whatever feels good for you and hold on to the stuff that's exciting and happy. Keep those near
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, want to continue doing what we're doing, meet and same time on Wednesday.
Isaac Sullivan-Leshin: You know, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will see you then. And of course in group. If you decide to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.
Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, good morning. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: nice sunny day over there. I see behind you or above you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your emotions.
Nick Graham: Have been
Nick Graham: stable enough pretty stable.
Nick Graham: I don't think any know
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think I was life without that
Gwenevere Abriel: Without that going that dark. I think
Nick Graham: I think, yeah, I think it's still like a little doll, but it's better than wanting to kill myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So life is a little doll, but it's better than wanting to kill myself.
Nick Graham: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What down any more processing from right you can tell I have a very strong belief around this notion of shame or you probably registered like it's one of these things that I feel very strongly about is at the core of addictive or compulsive behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you process any further. After that, or
Nick Graham: I was trying to like search
Nick Graham: What I think surrounding like those two and
Nick Graham: I don't know. I think like I couldn't really come up with much. I don't know if it would need to like prompt a little bit more, I think, a little more into it as like pretty pretty busy almost all day after that, but
Nick Graham: I think that
Nick Graham: I was just kind of thinking about how we were talking last week and how most of it probably stems from like
Nick Graham: Self like
Nick Graham: Self.
Nick Graham: I don't know, like
Nick Graham: Patriot herself, you know, whatever the word would be
Nick Graham: Like
Nick Graham: low confidence.
Nick Graham: Yeah, and I got a pretty like in depth discussion with my stepmother with him, I was like fighting before
Nick Graham: About that yesterday.
Nick Graham: But how they do some stuff that my mom did. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me ask you, can we start to
Gwenevere Abriel: Move towards preparation, you know, as we're in this phase of sort of preparing resources because I do want to do some some EMT er with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if we can get her station and maybe some some integration of some positive conditions.
Gwenevere Abriel: And can you tell me, were you in group without pre probably weren't but sometimes the transcription. They don't drop in things that I have finished it doesn't follow me. So I just want to check
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you and I, at some point, develop the three figures, the protective figure the nurturing figure in the wise, so you're. Do we do that yet.
Nick Graham: No, I don't think so. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do that right now. So once you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's sometimes it's helpful to actually picture an uncomfortable kind of distressing events, not, not just picture you know 5060 of distress not not over the top, but sort of being present with
Gwenevere Abriel: This isn't
Gwenevere Abriel: A negative thought memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Think of a figure that has the quality and bodies, the quality of protection protectiveness
Gwenevere Abriel: And it can be real or imagined. What's the first few things that come to mind me a morphosis of different things. So I just don't don't edit.
Nick Graham: So I guess I'm like a little bit unclear. So you said. Think of like a 50 to 60 and then think of a protective
Nick Graham: Figure so in relation to that event for
Gwenevere Abriel: I only wanted a little bit of distress to be present. You don't have to go into the story of the event.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: More interested in the real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, amen and quality of protective savior.
Nick Graham: See who can find it.
Nick Graham: I like my like my grandfather, who's like since passed yet he probably comes to mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it about it really has that quality grandfather what see
Nick Graham: The picture. I don't know. He just like like despite all of his like moral flowers, he kind of
Nick Graham: And I, for one, he owned a bunch of guns. So that would
Nick Graham: Be one, but he just kind of had like a
Nick Graham: Like a solid dependable.
Nick Graham: Kind of like personality like he was, he would always be there. Like if someone needed him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, got it. Anyone else come to mind when you think of protective figure quality.
Nick Graham: Now, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's
Really
Nick Graham: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, Grandfather solid in dependable personality always there. If you needed him. He happened to own a bunch of guns.
Nick Graham: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now move to this notion of the quality in a figure real or imagined that is a nurturing figure someone that
Gwenevere Abriel: embodies encouraging your growth and development in May, or not, including an affection, but the nurturing of
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Nick Graham: Yeah, I would probably think like
Nick Graham: I don't know, like a like a
Nick Graham: Like a mother holding a baby.
Nick Graham: In terms of
Nick Graham: Like any more detail, I don't know, like I'm trying to think of a nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Scam books and
Gwenevere Abriel: Stand philosophy and spirituality and
Gwenevere Abriel: Scan imagery from movies or conversations, something that you're like huh
Gwenevere Abriel: That really seems nurturing
Nick Graham: I don't know, probably
Nick Graham: Like Gandalf from Lord of the Rings.
Nick Graham: Pretty nurturing
Nick Graham: Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: You people have mentioned this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone said Gandalf the Grey. Is that a thing.
Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah, it's funny. Yeah, he's definitely niche like a nurturing figure that's cool. Okay. Gandalf. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mentioned that only because in case you were doubting your figure that comes up, just to let you know that
Nick Graham: Yeah, I totally and utterly doubted it. But yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wanted to normalize it for you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That grandfather solid is dependable right there's predictability there and that feels protective and then we have Gandalf and then I want you to picture the quality of allies figure
Nick Graham: I don't know. All I can think is like
Nick Graham: Maybe like the biblical depiction of God.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now patient them all together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe they're in a space somehow together.
This predictable personality.
Always there if you needed him and your grandfather
Gwenevere Abriel: And Gandalf in this sense of a mother holding a baby, it's holding that all in the same space, allowing your imagination to see these interactions with these qualities. These seniors.
Gwenevere Abriel: As well as God
Nick Graham: I think you know i think i would like to, to change the God when I can. Because I can't even I can't even picture that like in any
Nick Graham: Way I would I would more think like
Nick Graham: Like the spirit of like
Nick Graham: I don't know, like, like a
Nick Graham: Like a spirit of like a mountain or
Nick Graham: Like a forest. I think that would probably be a
Nick Graham: Lot better. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice there was something in congruent and you corrected it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, good really smart, we need it to be useful saleable
Nick Graham: As a result,
Gwenevere Abriel: So see if you can now see these interactions, work hard at this imagery see grandfather in his predictable dependable solid personality.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Gandalf
Gwenevere Abriel: And a spirit of mountain and forest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of have that
Gwenevere Abriel: And no pieces of it. Or like, you know, rejected or anything. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll probably be coming back to this and I might call it your team. I might be talking about this sort of this group of these these qualities, being a team a resource team for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want to do another
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagery and has to do with a distancing metaphor. This is the one where you could picture. I'll just give you examples. So you can do your own or let's say you and I are working in session and
Gwenevere Abriel: Something intense comes up and you want to get a little bit of distance from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could picture standing maybe on the shore of a river bank. Right on. Right. And you're with your team, sort of, surrounded by protection nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you send that imagery of, maybe, you know, uncertainty or disappointment or heartache or
Gwenevere Abriel: Unfair whatever you send it down a log and it's moving further and further away. So that would be a distancing metaphor, being able to picture that some people have said it's a train.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's moving down the tracks slowly moving away. You can picture, you know, sort of that sound as it moves away and down the tracks and you build a set of spaceship. That's treading out
Gwenevere Abriel: Farther and farther away very fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone's mentioned a shooting star.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you and you think of an imagery. A distancing metaphor, what
What do you think of
Nick Graham: Really think of like a tram like going like a, you know, like a mountain tram like going down.
Going down
Nick Graham: Yeah, like some put it in there and it's just sending it down the hill to the base.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now in the space that you're in right now says you're in your car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Challenging, but it doesn't mean we can't do it. Do you happen to have
Gwenevere Abriel: For people today that I've been able to have some preparation. I've asked them to bring little a little bits of tape or something that they
Gwenevere Abriel: Some little objects that could be put on the dashboard, something that sits up that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the half away. I don't know what the things are as long as they're kind of right at your eye level.
Nick Graham: Real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can happen today, and I'll just
Nick Graham: Something I can make it happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Technical like checking. I want to see how your eyes move when I share my screen with my blue light. There's not tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mental stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I don't want the eyes to strain. I do want them moving left and right. So we get that
Gwenevere Abriel: Cross hemisphere stuff going on. So,
See
Gwenevere Abriel: No that's not it may stop, stop. One more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here share
Gwenevere Abriel: Your items are about half apart.
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah. Yes, I would say that they are okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you
Gwenevere Abriel: might end up needing to sit back, I don't know where to find out I'm gonna be able to watch your eyes here.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. So again, we don't want all the way left all the way right we want this movement BACK AND FORTH YOUR EYES OF look much like this you can see me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not all the way right. We don't want it hold away strange. Okay, so here we go let's let's see how we do here, and I'll keep an eye on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, want to move the head. We just want the eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can barely see your eyes moving left and right. So it's interesting you see them going left and right. You feel and going left and right. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I should be able to
Nick Graham: Well, I mean, because like my screen is small. So, this is only like this, much like movement so
Nick Graham: I can look
Nick Graham: So I can look at my object, the
Nick Graham: Object.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I made a mistake. I'm so sorry.
Nick Graham: Probably more noticeable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ya know, the like. That's why you have the objects know you're going to actually all be all be pointing to the corners of your yup here and that's great. So you'll basically. So now let me see you. He'll be looking
Gwenevere Abriel: To the different objects that you've set up and you'll just go at my pace with my fingers.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to watch my fingers just go back and forth. Maybe at it. You know what I mean. Kind of peripherally know the peak the pace. I won't change it in the middle. Once you get a feel for it and just kind of kind of go left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: To those objects. Does that make sense.
Nick Graham: It does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it straining your eyes are you to close. Do you need to sit back, do you need to
Nick Graham: Kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Go since. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do that,
Nick Graham: You should
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull back a couple inches.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to make sure I strain that because we'll be doing quite a few iterations. Okay.
Nick Graham: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, I will sometimes have since it's my hand, it's really easy. I don't have to have technology.
Gwenevere Abriel: When there. There'll be times when I go slower and other times, a little faster. Okay, but I won't be switching it up. Typically, right in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm put this puppy away. So let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about your, you know, maybe why why you're pursuing this part. Why, why the therapy, what you're hoping to gain from it. Like what's your primary concern in your life.
Nick Graham: In regards to the therapy.
Nick Graham: The primary concern is being able to pay for it.
Nick Graham: Like that's
Nick Graham: Like the
Nick Graham: Absolute Truth.
Nick Graham: Surrounding it is being able to pay for it.
Nick Graham: If you're talking in terms of like
Nick Graham: Something else I mean obviously like
Nick Graham: The concern is like
Nick Graham: What I ultimately like dwindled down to nothing like having no medication. Like, how will that be kind of thing, like that's like my big concern. Like, I mean, obviously I know it'll be okay but
Gwenevere Abriel: So how will, how will I be on no Suboxone eventually
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you believe you will be
Nick Graham: I believe it's going to be fine. And I'm going to be like back to normal. But getting there is like
Nick Graham: You know, going to probably be not like super easy. I don't know. Maybe it will. I'm not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is that what preoccupies your mind, most of the time.
Nick Graham: No, it's really, it's mostly like
Nick Graham: How can I pay for coverage that's truly what mostly preoccupies my mind is will I be able to go to this next appointment. How will I do this, how would I do that and pay my rent.
Nick Graham: That's what mostly preoccupies my mind in regards to this treatment. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me take let me take a look at your treatment plan because that's I'm surprised at what you're saying. So let me just take a look in here.
Nick Graham: I mean, you know, I mean,
Nick Graham: When you think about it like it's not even a lot like it's only. I mean, I guess with group. It's like 350 it's only like I mean I guess it's like 375 a month, which is like, you know, sister, and
Gwenevere Abriel: So you would identify early on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Course, which is consistent with what you said, I want to get off of Suboxone that was a goal you identified when you came in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And also identified more connections with people going through the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you also said, I'd like to be out in nature more often.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
You see if there's any more down below here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any other goals because sometimes we talk about depression. We talked about this negative appraisal of yourself. We have this, you know,
Nick Graham: Yeah yeah i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Personal upheaval and that's really what I'm trying to get I'm trying to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you concerned about you. Oh.
Nick Graham: Are you talking about like in relation to viewing the treatment like viewing the
Nick Graham: Treatment. Okay. So yeah, I missed, I missed you know took that so um
Nick Graham: Well, like certain things like the end to come up like that. I don't know where things before I started treatment. You know, so
Nick Graham: I would presume that goals would in should change.
Nick Graham: Anyways, but that was like the thing I was thinking about most recently was like what you said is like
Nick Graham: Why do I always hate myself like
Nick Graham: That's that's like probably a pretty good goal to, you know, find a little bit of
Nick Graham: Self love in there. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so with that. So hold on to.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds. I mean, if that's a very core powerful thing. You just said. So let's just sit with that for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like you to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is the most intense or earliest recollection of I hate myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like track back and Bridget back if you can, to the earliest age.
Nick Graham: Probably
Nick Graham: Let me think.
Nick Graham: I think I did an hour I
Nick Graham: Think
Nick Graham: Like I hated myself, but I remember like feeling like
Nick Graham: Hated probably as early as like
Nick Graham: Five.
Nick Graham: Five years old. Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah yeah
Nick Graham: So,
Nick Graham: Basically, like my parents split up when I was like three or four, and it was like really messy situation and like
Nick Graham: I remember like we were camping out in my front yard at my mom's house and she was like
Nick Graham: saying stuff like
Nick Graham: Yeah, your, your father left you and he hates you.
Nick Graham: Yeah, and for like a kid like this. I'm like,
Nick Graham: Kind of looked up. So yes, so I remember
Nick Graham: We're like, like in the in this tent and we're like, she like
Nick Graham: Like in reference to
Nick Graham: Yeah, I was like, I'm in reference to my step mom at the time she was like
Nick Graham: What's your name, and like me and my brother were like cockroach like she made us like
Nick Graham: You know, like, say, some like
Nick Graham: Some like kind of hateful things about
Nick Graham: I think like she was not not quite my step mom at the time.
Nick Graham: In so yeah I remember like feeling like
Nick Graham: Like hated and like a trade at that time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling right now what emotion.
Nick Graham: Well, I don't know, like, I'm just like, recently, like registering like
Nick Graham: I would say, like, if I had to say it.
Nick Graham: Probably hurts.
Nick Graham: Maybe stemming from betrayal.
Gwenevere Abriel: look sad. Is there any of that there
Nick Graham: Oh yeah, yeah, definitely like
Nick Graham: I think that all like I kind of like rationalize that like
Nick Graham: Sadness like stems from hurt generally
Nick Graham: So yeah, I mean, it's like, I don't like to think like
Nick Graham: I really like just started thinking about that, actually.
Nick Graham: It's like pretty new.
Gwenevere Abriel: Raw and fresh and tender. Let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. I got you, from zero to 100 what level of distress to you. And right now.
Nick Graham: That would be like probably like
Nick Graham: Maybe, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me how Where's where's this landing in your body.
Nick Graham: To a scale like like yeah, like the chest, for sure. Like,
Nick Graham: Like super, super tightness and I would say
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of imagery and this stimulation, the bilateral is going to be slow right now. Nick, I want you to pull up the presence
Gwenevere Abriel: Of quality right in this these figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Spirit embodied in the quality of mountain
Gwenevere Abriel: And forest.
Gwenevere Abriel: You present with that perfect quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of spirit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Sometimes we'll get sounds and they'll be distractions. Just bring yourself back
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to bring the presence of Gandalf and a mother holding a baby, if that works. You want me to continue to mention the mother holding the
Gwenevere Abriel: Time. Okay, so we got wisdom nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And predictability dependable always there when you need it. Have them.
Gwenevere Abriel: present with you and if possible.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're there with it somehow it's either and body and you felt sense of deep knowing that there with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That quality of protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nutrients
Gwenevere Abriel: And wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm gonna have you look at those two objects that about the pace that I'm pointing. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a deep inhale breathing in together nice inhale and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me what you're noticing, and it can be anything. I, I welcome all of it. What are you noticing.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I mean, there's like distractions.
Nick Graham: Mainly
Nick Graham: I think the breath is good for me. And I was like, really.
Nick Graham: Like that the chest tightness.
Nick Graham: I don't know. I don't know, I feel like, you know,
Nick Graham: Like whatever just was like intensely brought up like I currently feel like more
Nick Graham: Like, I don't know, like peaceful with it, just from
Nick Graham: You know,
Nick Graham: A distraction in any form.
Nick Graham: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it again. So
Gwenevere Abriel: If I wondering
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are a little close. I can't tell your eyes aren't straining right
Nick Graham: Now, they're not streaming
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with
Gwenevere Abriel: Your protective nurturing and wise figure and pay attention to your chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's anything still charge their
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay close attention to your body. See if there's tightness anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: acknowledge it.
Nick Graham: Say that the
Nick Graham: The tightness has like
Nick Graham: Mostly subsided, but still exists, like a close to like distro nearly
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 there. It kind of moved, maybe even up into their to be very that not turning away from it but attending to it and acknowledging the wisdom of self healing and communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a message there and I want you pull in that imagery, the quality of those figures.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I would say that
Nick Graham: Like the moment that
Nick Graham: When I was like thinking about it.
Nick Graham: It was almost like
Nick Graham: I was like,
Nick Graham: In wilderness, like in the mountains and there was like
Nick Graham: Almost like a
Nick Graham: Like a mother and baby but not like
Nick Graham: Not like a
Nick Graham: Shopping like soccer mom. It was like a
Nick Graham: Like a mother from
Nick Graham: Like early man, almost like there's like a naked mother and like a naked baby like in the forest.
Nick Graham: And I was like,
Nick Graham: Yeah, like really primitive and I was like,
Nick Graham: In the forest.
Nick Graham: Like becoming like one with
Nick Graham: With like that spirit and like just I watched like a flash, like a
Nick Graham: Almost like a slight like a fast moving slideshow of like
Nick Graham: Like thousands, hundreds of thousands of years of like life events that were just like passing. And one of the snapshots was like
Nick Graham: Like one of the reflective moments that I had. And it just passed on, with all the rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a snapshot and it's in the past. I want you to go with that. Okay. And watch my finger bring up your, your nurturing team now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Also
Gwenevere Abriel: With that flash
But it's past
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together a steep diaphragm Matic, bring it down into the bottom of your lungs. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure it goes deep in there pushing that diaphragm down, and then exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Slow all that arrow letting it go
When do you finding
Nick Graham: I'm definitely I'm
Nick Graham: Finding
Nick Graham: Like relaxation and like
Nick Graham: In relation to like trying to think of like the nurturing figure
Nick Graham: Is almost like
Nick Graham: I was like, being like
Nick Graham: Embraced like into this like
Nick Graham: Nurturing figures like wisdom or whatever that word. I've never, you'd probably use that word.
Nick Graham: I presume that's the word I'm looking for.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
And
Nick Graham: To kind of like
Nick Graham: Most of the feelings are like like subsided, like the
Nick Graham: stress responses and things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you check on your throat and other parts they communicate with you.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Nick Graham: And it just seems like it keeps like moving up so it was like down in the like base of my third now it's kind of like
Nick Graham: Smaller but moving up almost like the base of my like skull.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep working. Let's go with that. And why should pull up you know it takes effort really imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagining being surrounded, just as you were with all of the qualities protection nurturing and wisdom. And as that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Activation in charge moves up to the base of your skull.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you have that in your mind's eye open your eyes. And we'll do another iteration.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're ready just open your eyes.
Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together nice deep breath.
Nick Graham: I just kind of like pictured
Nick Graham: Like a dark
Nick Graham: Really like it dusk like forest like
Nick Graham: Liquids like Twilight and like a fire burning and
Nick Graham: The only figure that I was there was still like that.
Nick Graham: Like the nurturing figure
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What to stress level are you at from zero to 100
Nick Graham: Really close to, like,
Nick Graham: Maybe like 10
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a harder one to get out. So just try not to edit it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your belief about yourself right now.
Nick Graham: Probably that I'm flawed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that from one to 1010 being I'm absolutely I am flood and it's absolutely true.
Gwenevere Abriel: And one is man that's not really true.
Nick Graham: Probably like
Nick Graham: Four or five
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like to be thinking right now about yourself.
Nick Graham: Um,
Nick Graham: I probably like to
Nick Graham: Feel like
Nick Graham: Like I
Nick Graham: Like I'm accomplished like I've arrived.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have arrived. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it different scale one to seven seven being I have arrived. That's absolutely true. And one now.
Nick Graham: Um,
Nick Graham: I would say, I'm on the way. So,
Nick Graham: Maybe another I get for
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little, a little faster pace. This time working with the working memory of this worst image that you had earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to pull up
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm flawed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: You gather in your mind's eye that negative image he had right that camping perhaps I'm flawed and a little faster left and right here watching my thinkers
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breath into the bottom of that long and
Gwenevere Abriel: should all go
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you observe in the self.
Nick Graham: I was kind of like
Nick Graham: Big room at the exchange and
Nick Graham: The weird memory of that experience and I don't
Nick Graham: Even think registered was, I was just like, it was like, um,
Nick Graham: I was like, outside of the tent like
Nick Graham: Like viewing it like like
Nick Graham: 10s closed up just like hearing like
Nick Graham: The words that were being said
Nick Graham: And I was like outside, they're
Nick Graham: Just like listening.
Nick Graham: Listening to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there more distance from it.
Nick Graham: Close.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think it's, it's still
Nick Graham: It's still closed, but I can't help it, like
Nick Graham: Feel like the the
Nick Graham: Kids in the tent were just like kids, you know,
Nick Graham: Just like doing like they're
Nick Graham: Told to do like saying what they're told to saying like
Nick Graham: Feeling like rebellious because this is the first time they've ever been allowed to say something mean about somebody like
Nick Graham: Like, I'm a lot like I remember we were saying like
Nick Graham: She's a bitch.
And
Nick Graham: It was like okay like curse words we're not okay insults. We're not okay. But when it came to
Nick Graham: This situation all of the
Nick Graham: You know, frustrations were were led out and then I look at
Nick Graham: The person guiding this the adult guiding this
Nick Graham: And
Nick Graham: More than anything to see like
Nick Graham: A hurt scared person similar in age to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I am hurt and scared. She is hurting scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to go with that picture of this is the desensitization part and this will be our last iteration. So once you pull that worst image that picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm hurt and scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look at this left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pretend together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gently connect with comes what comes up for you.
Nick Graham: Probably that
Nick Graham: I don't like
Nick Graham: Those things to happen.
Nick Graham: I understand that they happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's understanding
Nick Graham: Yeah, there's understanding
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we've got a little bit of time I'd like you to pull up your team, the qualities, especially
Gwenevere Abriel: spiritual connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: That primal peace, whatever that imagery of of nurturing says
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring in protection to
Gwenevere Abriel: The wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it saturates you surround you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you're one with it and immersion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And integration.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in the presence of that or image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look left and right. When you're ready, open your eyes, hold that in your working awareness and memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's read them together. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: medico
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you finding
Nick Graham: This event, among other events are like
Nick Graham: And I see them all as like almost like like blood cells and they're in like this vast network of like different cells like not in a linear way but like cells here and here and here and here, like running through veins.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Nick Graham: Almost like every event like this event, specifically is just another
Nick Graham: red blood cell just coursing through this vast
Nick Graham: System and network of
Nick Graham: Names and
Nick Graham: I don't like like
Nick Graham: That was really the only like metaphor I can think of. I just picture like just everything is just like liquid, just like blowing
Gwenevere Abriel: Their function to get a sense
Nick Graham: I think this sense is that like
Nick Graham: At this time, I don't really see much of a function. It's just exists and it just flows and passes by, and
Nick Graham: moves along and
Nick Graham: Just like put down the river. You know, like
Gwenevere Abriel: The passes.
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body and see what charge is left
Gwenevere Abriel: So self cells.
Gwenevere Abriel: Among others pass by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are passed by.
Gwenevere Abriel: They exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Move along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever charges left
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do that distancing metaphor and give it a chance to
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of distance between you and yet whatever comes up for you. Whatever is appealing.
Gwenevere Abriel: down the river, perhaps, or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down the town.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you going to the base, if that one still works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that enough that that tramp stops at the base. Is there any sense of maybe wanting it further away.
Nick Graham: I think it's all right. I think
Nick Graham: It has a right to exist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it happened, maybe
Nick Graham: Yeah, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: To coexist with you.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think that's
Nick Graham: That's the dream.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me, tell me what's left now like checking with your
Cleaning
Nick Graham: Yeah, just like fleeting like moments of, you know, and somebody comes up and you know when you're first like start to feel sad and you get like a burning in your maybe your nose or your that'll come up like here in the air, but
Nick Graham: I would like to live in a world where I can just, you know, and it feels like maybe we're close but
Nick Graham: Where it's okay that that exists.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're beginning. So notice as we come to the end of the session
Gwenevere Abriel: You identified the call it would be nice if I could coexist with this. I could
Gwenevere Abriel: Have some maybe some distance with it too. And we're kind of on to something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are we doing some meaningful work. Are we getting at important things that still have charged left in you.
Nick Graham: Yeah, totally. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're doing some meaningful work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what I want to do is say that these this distancing metaphor is not to be taken lightly. Like, make sure you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In preservation of your peace throughout the day that you don't have to go at it consciously, the way I've asked you to pull it up in your memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be either in a container or sent down the tram because you and I in a in a safe way. And to the degree that you're comfortable will come back here if you want to. And we can work with it. Again, you don't have to put energy into processing it throughout the day.
You can do it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see that I hadn't set up a container for you so that word probably sounded confusing just now. So for some people, what we do is
Gwenevere Abriel: And I would like to do that with you at some point soon is and you can do it. Now if you want to. If right away. You got an image of it. If this whatever's left over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever emotion or something. Maybe on that negative census is you can put it in a container. It's emotional container.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the instruction is that it'd be big enough and strong enough and welcoming enough or secure enough that that stuff will stay in there until you're ready to take it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And of course, it sounds like what it is. It's compartmentalizing it's putting it in there, but we use the imagery to say, you know, either doesn't want to stay in there. What's comfy about it in that space, or is there a locking system that you have control over keeping it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: To what comes up for you and I'll make a little note about what comes up for your container.
Nick Graham: I think it's like a
Nick Graham: Like a metal barrel like
Nick Graham: One of them that you like burn things in kind of
Nick Graham: And Rich closed up and sealed off like a metal band around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just for now. How will you if you want to access that stuff again. Do you have the ability to get to it again.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe picturing putting whatever's coming up for you. Whatever charge and emotion and thought memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's put it in this container this metal barrel and really picture putting that metal band around it and get a sense of whether that stuff's going to stay there until you're ready to look at it again.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think it will.
Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how are you doing right now as we end our session.
Gwenevere Abriel: You worked hard.
Nick Graham: Yeah, no shit, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd like what
Nick Graham: Do you like I was like trying to describe that to someone, I was like, yeah, my therapist like puts me in an imaginary room, and then I cry. It's like
Nick Graham: It's like the only way I can describe it, they're like, what the fuck are you doing
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's cookie.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I hear you. I mean, and I will tell you if I thought that just Socratic dialogue and me challenging irrational beliefs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is what cognitive behavioral therapy offers if I thought it was really going to address core trauma developmental trauma, I would still be doing it but it fails, it fails to heal the trauma, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I love rational. This caused this cause this. I love it. But I had to take a look at the work I was doing and it has limitations. It's beautiful. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: look from the top down. It's lovely. We have lots of irrational thoughts to get in our own way, but we're forgetting about our body. I mean, other our body was there with the trauma happened like it was there.
Nick Graham: Yeah, why don't you do is
Nick Graham: you incorporate the body into basically wow and
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll notice how the breath. Did you catch that. That's your breaths.
Gwenevere Abriel: You saw and that's working bottom up. That's that breath, even though I wasn't doing that intentionally as an intervention, you picked up on how good that felt yeah that that diet for matic breathing is your go to when it feels
Gwenevere Abriel: Too much. Nope. We need that that that confrontation of my mind is saying there's all this danger all this threat. All this perceived threat, but when I breathe, there's a contradiction, maybe, maybe I am okay
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that is, that's just a perception. No, look, I'm in a relaxed body we can put those like the challenge, they don't match up. I'm worried worried worried. But wait, I'm in this relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the mind can start to change. So it's working from the bottom up. Okay, so I want to work horizontally top down bottom up. I want to work all of it. And this end our stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nick Graham: Well, I'm proud of you.
Very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I can't help but notice the piece about the financial constraint. Only you can decide that
Gwenevere Abriel: The value of what you're doing or whether you think we're heading in the right direction. I'm guessing that those pieces about that you mentioned the self-reproach piece that keeps coming up. I think if we keep working on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea of looking to the future without a substance to having to escape to will not be as daunting. I mean, that's really the big goal here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you
Nick Graham: Yeah, I agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tell me when you want to meet again.
Nick Graham: Continue at the
Nick Graham: Rate that we're doing any a weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm right now. I plugged. Oh yeah, no, I've got you. Is this works. I have to switch to a Thursday, February 3 at eight. Could that work.
Nick Graham: Yeah, that can work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we already know. You don't have to worry about the
Gwenevere Abriel: The group for another 30 days. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need anything else.
Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Nick Graham: I don't think I don't think I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, if anything comes up, you can reach out text me and say, Boy, something's coming up, let me know.
Nick Graham: All right. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Nick Graham: Alright. Have a good day.